.TH FTS-REST-CLI 1 "September 25, 2014" "fts-rest-transfer-submit"
.SH NAME
.PP
fts-rest-transfer-submit
.SH SYNOPIS
.PP
Usage: fts-rest-transfer-submit [options] SOURCE DESTINATION [CHECKSUM]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command can be used to submit new jobs to FTS3.
It supports simple and bulk submissions.
The bulk format is as follows:
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
{
\ \ "files":\ [
\ \ \ \ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ "sources":\ [
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ "gsiftp://source.host/file"
\ \ \ \ \ \ ],
\ \ \ \ \ \ "destinations":\ [
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ "gsiftp://destination.host/file"
\ \ \ \ \ \ ],
\ \ \ \ \ \ "metadata":\ "file-metadata",
\ \ \ \ \ \ "checksum":\ "ADLER32:1234",
\ \ \ \ \ \ "filesize":\ 1024
\ \ \ \ },
\ \ \ \ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ "sources":\ [
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ "gsiftp://source.host/file2"
\ \ \ \ \ \ ],
\ \ \ \ \ \ "destinations":\ [
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ "gsiftp://destination.host/file2"
\ \ \ \ \ \ ],
\ \ \ \ \ \ "metadata":\ "file2-metadata",
\ \ \ \ \ \ "checksum":\ "ADLER32:4321",
\ \ \ \ \ \ "filesize":\ 2048,
\ \ \ \ \ \ "activity":\ "default"
\ \ \ \ }
\ \ ]
}
\f[]
.fi
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h/--help
Show this help message and exit
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -v/--verbose
Verbose output.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -s/--endpoint
FTS3 REST endpoint.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -j/--json
Print the output in json format.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --key
The user certificate private key.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --cert
The user certificate.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --insecure
Do not validate the server certificate
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --access-token
Oauth2 access token (supported only by some endpoints, takes precedence)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -b/--blocking
Blocking mode.
Wait until the operation completes.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -i/--interval
Interval between two poll operations in blocking mode.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -e/--expire
Expiration time of the delegation in minutes.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -o/--overwrite
Overwrite files.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -r/--reuse
Enable session reuse for the transfer job.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --job-metadata
Transfer job metadata.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --file-metadata
File metadata.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --file-size
File size (in bytes)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -g/--gparam
Gridftp parameters.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -t/--dest-token
The destination space token or its description.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -S/--source-token
The source space token or its description.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -K/--compare-checksum
Compare checksums between source and destination.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --copy-pin-lifetime
Pin lifetime of the copy in seconds.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --bring-online
Bring online timeout in seconds.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --fail-nearline
Fail the transfer if the file is nearline.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --dry-run
Do not send anything, just print the json message.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -f/--file
Name of configuration file
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --retry
Number of retries.
If 0, the server default will be used.
If negative, there will be no retries.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -m/--multi-hop
Submit a multihop transfer.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --cloud-credentials
Use cloud credentials for the job (i.
E.
Dropbox).
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ fts-rest-transfer-submit\ -s\ https://fts3-devel.cern.ch:8446\ gsiftp://source.host/file\ gsiftp://destination.host/file
Job\ successfully\ submitted.
Job\ id:\ 9fee8c1e-c46d-11e3-8299-02163e00a17a

$\ fts-rest-transfer-submit\ -s\ https://fts3-devel.cern.ch:8446\ -f\ bulk.json
Job\ successfully\ submitted.
Job\ id:\ 9fee8c1e-c46d-11e3-8299-02163e00a17a
\f[]
.fi
.SH AUTHORS
fts-devel\@cern.ch.
