.TH FTS-REST-CLI 1 "September 25, 2014" "fts-rest-delete-submit"
.SH NAME
.PP
fts-rest-delete-submit
.SH SYNOPIS
.PP
Usage: fts-rest-delete-submit [options] SURL1 [SURL2] [SURL3] [...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command can be used to submit a deletion job to FTS3.
It supports simple and bulk submissions.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h/--help
Show this help message and exit
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -v/--verbose
Verbose output.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -s/--endpoint
FTS3 REST endpoint.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -j/--json
Print the output in json format.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --key
The user certificate private key.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --cert
The user certificate.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --insecure
Do not validate the server certificate
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --access-token
Oauth2 access token (supported only by some endpoints, takes precedence)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -b/--blocking
Blocking mode.
Wait until the operation completes.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -i/--interval
Interval between two poll operations in blocking mode.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -e/--expire
Expiration time of the delegation in minutes.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --job-metadata
Transfer job metadata.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --file-metadata
File metadata.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -S/--spacetoken
The space token or its description.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --dry-run
Do not send anything, just print the json message.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -f/--file
Name of configuration file
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --retry
Number of retries.
If 0, the server default will be used.
If negative, there will be no retries.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --cloud-credentials
Use cloud credentials for the job (i.
E.
Dropbox).
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ fts-rest-delete-submit\ -s\ https://fts3-devel.cern.ch:8446\ gsiftp://source.host/file1\ gsiftp://source.host/file2
Job\ successfully\ submitted.
Job\ id:\ 9fee8c1e-c46d-11e3-8299-02163e00a17a

$\ fts-rest-delete-submit\ -s\ https://fts3-devel.cern.ch:8446\ -f\ bulk.list
Job\ successfully\ submitted.
Job\ id:\ 9fee8c1e-c46d-11e3-8299-02163e00a17a
\f[]
.fi
.SH AUTHORS
fts-devel\@cern.ch.
